h1. Introduction

The The iPhone TDD Kitchen Sink is a set of ruby scripts to quickly be able
to setup a testing environment for iPhone applications.

The kitchen sink eases setup of:

* unit testing using "GTM":http://code.google.com/p/google-toolbox-for-mac/wiki/iPhoneUnitTesting
* functional testing using "frank":https://github.com/moredip/Frank
* "rake":http://rake.rubyforge.org scripts to setup CI and run builds from the command line

h1. XCode

A helper class for running XCode builds and processing the output. It will detect GTM test cases and generate XUnit compatible xml output files.

Checkout the kitchen sink into the root of your project (in the same directory as the XCode project). If you are using git then you can add it as a git submodule:

	git submodule add git://github.com/ketan/iphone-tdd-kitchen-sink.git

Here's how to use the xcode command:

	require 'iphone-tdd-kitchen-sink/lib/xcode_helpers'

	xcode.run :target => 'MyApp', :configuration => 'Debug', :sdk => 'iphoneos4.2'

If the target runs any tests then XUnit formatted results files will be created in the directory 'build/test_reports/MyApp'.

h1. License

The iPhone TDD Kitchen Sink is MIT Licensed.

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2011 ThoughtWorks, Inc. (http://thoughtworks.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
